Draft: SIP for JSONSchema version (#24)
MeltanoLabs/singer-working-group: proposals/draft/Draft - JSONSchema Version Guidance.md

## Status

| header | header |
| ------ | ------ |
| State | Draft  |
| Issue Link | https://github.com/MeltanoLabs/Singer-Working-Group/issues/17 |
| Discussion Thread(s) | (optional link) |
| Created | 2021-10-25 |

-----------------------

## Proposal

### TL;DR Overview

We should provide guidance for recommended and supported JSON Schema versions to tap and target developers which 

### What specific change do you propose to make?

> We should document in the Singer Spec that Singer taps and targets expect **Draft 04** version of the JSON Schema spec.

Reviewer: To expand a bit on this, we could even go as far as saying something like

Targets default to expecting Draft04 to be sent. To use a different json schema version use the $schema keyword.  (To date nothing uses anything past Draft04 to my knowledge but I'm probably wrong based on how many taps/targets there are) 

Taps should default to sending Draft04 unless they have a reason to use a later version of Json schema.

Reviewer: Should we also include a why here? ie Draft04 is widely used and works for the vast majority of use cases as of today.

## Motivation

> As of the time of writing, the latest version of json schema is **Draft 07**. While most changes between spec drafts are backwards compatible, we should nevertheless document for users and developer which version of the spec they should expect to use for best compatibility.

Reviewer: latest is Draft 2020-12

Author: Thanks - will update. 👍

Author: ```suggestion
As of the time of writing, the latest version of json schema is **Draft 2020-12**. While most changes between spec drafts are backwards compatible, we should nevertheless document for users and developer which version of the spec they should expect to use for best compatibility.
```

### Which layer(s) of the Singer ecosystem does this proposal directly touch?

Select all that apply:

- [x] Singer Specification - required capabilities and behaviors
- [ ] Singer Specification - optional capabilities and behaviors

> - [ ] Singer best practices and other guidance

Reviewer: Is this a best practice or a required capability? Not clear to me
